[doc] update hyperlink (#16877)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/models/extensions/fastsafetensor.md

Loading Model weights with fastsafetensors
===================================================================

> Using fastsafetensor library enables loading model weights to GPU memory by leveraging GPU direct storage. See [fastsafetensors](https://github.com/foundation-model-stack/fastsafetensors) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using fastsafetensors library enables loading model weights to GPU memory by leveraging GPU direct storage. See [their GitHub repository](https://github.com/foundation-model-stack/fastsafetensors) for more details.
```
